Having
our way from the opens in Hong Kong,
Shenzhen and Shanghai. You're watching
the China show. I'm Yvon Man with David.
Oh well, Annabelle jewelers.
>> It is Annabelle Droolers. But anyway,
we'll go through the show. So, our top
stories this morning. Asian stocks
edging higher today with the attention
on tech AI following the surge in
Alibaba.
>> Yeah, Chinese President Xi Jinping set
to host his Russian counterpart today
after India hailed the special
relationship between New Delhi and
Moscow. New World's controlling
shareholder set to mull a capital
injection into the debt laden builder as
soon as the end of this year.
>> Plus, we speak exclusively with Cyomap
Bioscience on their business plans and
get their outlook for the biotech
sector.
[Music]
All right, I've really got a spring in
my step to just start this uh take a
looking the market action this morning
because of course really not much of a
lead actually coming into the session
today. We had US market shut overnight.
So uh didn't really get any direction
coming through in ADRs for instance. But
what we are taking a look at this
morning is sort of some pretty subdued
trading but a little bit tilted to the
upside. You've got to put in perspective
though yesterday for instance we had the
Japanese gauge down around 3% or 2% into
the close. So a little bit of recovery
from what we had to start the week as
well. Some of those geopolitical
tensions were certainly coming to the
focus or to the four. What else we're
tracking in the session today is going
to be in the debt auction space because
we've got a Japanese 10-year government
auction coming up later today. Namura is
saying of course you know the demand
we've seen recently it's been fairly
weak. So they're still expecting that in
session today. Lots of question marks.
Is the BOJ going to be hiking at its
meeting coming up in October? Uh we do
see the Japanese 10-year yield
continuing to hover around its 2008 high
that it hit around last week. In terms
of what else we're tracking in the
session today, really not too much
action in terms of the dollar gauge.
You're seeing again fairly flat so far.
We have seen oil rising a little bit as
well as we get kicked off into the
morning session. Where we did see a lot
of the action yesterday as well was in
the EM space. In Southeast Asia for
instance, you got a lot of political
turmoil. The latest there is that in
Indonesia, the finance minister Shri
Molyani Indrai has pledged to improve
government policies. In Thailand, for
instance, you got the political the
people's party rather delaying who
they're going to be backing or naming
who they're going to be backing to form
the next government. But broadly, we
actually saw emerging market indexes or
the EM index actually moving higher in
the session yesterday. And that was very
much the story around Alibaba. We had
their earnings of course bumper results
with that big focus on their improvement
in the cloud division or continuing
increased sales in that cloud division.
And so again you saw that really feeding
into the EM index, the best day in
around a week. Uh what else we saw of
course was that big boost it gave to
Hong Kong. We are just a couple hundred
points now away from 26,000 for the HSI.
But in terms of what else they're seeing
for futures, I mean again fairly steady
so far, but of some very bullish calls
as well coming out on the Chinese
market.
>> Yeah, you know, there's still a lot of
debate about how sustainable this is
right now. And it seems like even when
markets were lower yesterday, Hong Kong
stood out massively because of the
southbound flows, right? Once again
being re reenerated from this whole AI
theme with Alibaba. Like we'll see how
Alibaba does after what we saw, right?
That double digit gain on the stock
yesterday. We'll see if there is any
sort of follow through on that. But in
terms of your agenda here today, we
talked about Putin and Modi yesterday.
Now she and Putin set to meet uh today
as well. HSI rally, that's certainly one
to watch. We talked about those
southbound flows as well where mainland
investors basically bought up quite a
lot of Hong Kong stocks yesterday. Here
there's an Everrand hearing which we've
been talking about for weeks now. That's
finally coming today. NEO earnings. So
the certainly be interesting because we
saw some of the August sales data which
showed different divergent trends,
right? So I think NEO and J actually
posted some upbeat sales growth. Uh but
Lee Auto might be the one that might be
heading the other direction with
deliveries declining there. And then we
have a listing here today. So it's Ox.
It's an AC company. So certainly one to
watch here as well when it comes to the
whole consumption theme in China.
>> Yeah. Well, really interesting as well.
Is it going to be sort of reigniting a
further price war as well in the
>> crowded there? Yeah,
>> it's very crowded. Uh but where else? I
mean it could look crowded but of course
others are are very optimistic bullish
is is really just China stocks generally
and this call from how Hong this morning
I mean it's extremely quotable but he's
essentially saying that we could be
looking at a bull run here beyond the
imagination. What's really interesting
as well about this call is that he's not
saying it's this retail investor frenzy.
That's sort of been one of the key
reasons we talked about reigniting it.
It's more around the the policies around
deflation.
>> Yes. It's about anti-involution which he
he believes investors are still I think
looking into this topic very closely
here. It's it's something that they say
is misunderstood seldom discussed cause
of this current bull market but he says
you know it hasn't been fully priced in
the impact it actually might have on the
market. So you know all the stock you
know talk about savings put into stocks
all about bond yields heading lower
pushing people to buy into stocks he
actually is saying is that's not really
quite what's happening just yet. uh and
Morgan Stanley's Rob Machine sort of
affirms that as well. The retail
investor participation is not quite
there just yet. They still maybe need a
little bit more in terms of the macro
front to really kind of fully lean in.
>> Yeah, and that's actually really
interesting. Let's get more on that now.
Bringing our Bloomberg opinion columnist
Shirley Ren and and that's exactly it. I
mean, this is sort of one of the points
that you're making in the column this
morning is that you do need to see maybe
more foreign participation to get the
locals to come into the market as well.
>> Absolutely. I mean Chinese retail
investors, they are not the so-called
chives that can be harvested every five
years, right? Like that that that's the
the term they use in mainland China. And
then what what they're looking at is
foreign investors uh portfolio info
because they they consider foreign for
foreign money as smart money and they
use it as a gorge to see whether Chinese
stocks are worth buying. That's why like
China at least the government needs to
make sure that the uh they they they
need to make sure to have a good
narrative to attract foreign investors
again
>> and you mentioned the key to that is is
trying to slow down this rally.
>> That's right. uh uh we all know
portfolio investors they they have lost
their shirts after the 2021 regulator uh
credons right and then uh to convince
their investment committees to redeploy
money to China is going to take time if
it's like the rally we saw last
September in six trading days CSI 300
was up more than 30% by the time uh
foreign foreigners decide that they will
redeploy money to China it's too late
the stocks are too expensive that's why
I think it's very important for the
government to engineer a slow bull and
they have tools to do that. We know the
national team is a key participant in
this year's rally, right? They have been
pumping money into the stock market,
they in fact is I I would think uh a
trigger to this year's rally and they
they also need to make sure that if the
market gets too frosty, they need to
pull some liquidity out.
>> How important is is Beijing in this? How
important is the the sort of the
government approach and and the
narrative as well that they have around
the Chinese stock market? I think it's
very important. I mean, first of all, uh
the AI theme is huge, right? Like the uh
the shares what we saw with Alibaba,
some of it is earnings, some of it is
the the the news report that Alibaba has
come up with more advanced uh AI chips,
right? But I think it's important for
China to say, okay, we want to produce
uh uh chips for influence models, for
application specific models, but not
necessarily compete directly with Nvidia
because it's not possible. Nvidia is
just so much better you know and the
Chinese government need to show that it
can be practical if it's grounded and
also I think geopolitical risk matters
right with the mil military parade etc
and the foreign investors are worried uh
about return of capital what if China
gets sanctioned through and through all
the money will be gone so I think uh
it's important that the government also
does not have too much of a soaring
rhetoric cannot talk about the China
dream etc etc just show the world that
the China can be practical and China
cares about return of capital
>> surely really great piece that was that
was our Bloomberg opinion columnist
there surely red and actually just
speaking of those geopolitical risks of
course there'd been a really big focus
at the Shanghai cooperation organization
summit taking place in Tanzin and one of
the headlines there has been the Indian
Prime Minister Narendra Modi uh saying
that New Delhi and Russia share a
special relationship we've seen both
sides cozing up together on the
sidelines of this summit TN Jim, but
let's get more with our China
correspondent, Min Lo, who's in Beijing
for us this morning. So, Min, talk us
through exactly what came out of these
meetings and and as well just how
important it is given you've got both
Russia and China under a lot of global
scrutiny right now.
>> That's right. I was in Tangent over the
last couple of days and I have to say
the journalists were mostly sequested
away in the media center not given a lot
of direct access to these political
leaders that were just passing through
the main venue next door and China of
course has a lot of experience hosting
these events security was extremely
tight but definitely one of the
highlights if you look at the pictures
and the videos coming out of that
meeting is this visual of C putin and
Modi chatting and laughing together it's
such a visual representation of this
sort of energy triangle that has emerged
after the Ukraine war. And one of the
key bilateral meetings that we were
watching yesterday was the one between
Modi and Putin. And President Putin, he
shipped his presidential vehicle all the
way from Russia. And he literally took
President Modi for a spin. It was a 15
minutes car ride for them to go from the
SEO meeting venue to the me to the venue
of the bilateral meeting. But 15 minutes
later, they got there and according to
sources, the two men continued to sit in
the car for another 45 minutes. So it
turned out to be this 1-hour informal
meeting that threw the very
choreographed agenda of the SEO summit
into a bit of a disarray forcing the
organizers to pivot. But it was an
excellent meeting according to President
Modi. He said he discussed the deepening
of ties with Russia in every sector from
trade to space to security fertilizers.
He invited Putin to visit India. That's
going to take place in December. And it
shows you that President Trump's effort
so far to punish India for its purchases
of Russian oil perhaps has backfired a
little bit because yesterday as well the
oil minister of uh India had hit back at
accusations that India was acting as a
laundromat for the Kremlin saying that
you know its purchases of oil is not
breaking any rules. India's largest
state-owned oil company also saying that
it's going to buy every single drop of
oil available from Russia as long as it
remains economical.
Yeah. So certainly um yeah of affirming
of this relationship, right? And
certainly this this sort of limousine
diplomacy was really in full force uh
yesterday. Um what's on the agenda here
today? I believe you know she and Putin
are supposed to meet as well. What's
still expected?
>> Yes, they will be meeting. We don't know
the exact time but I mean she and Putin
are meeting. This is the first trip by
Putin to China after the Alaska summit
with President Trump. So it his it's his
opportunity to brief C as well about how
that meeting went. What are Putin's
plans towards a ceasefire in Ukraine
that could perhaps take away some of the
pressure that Trump has been putting on
both India and China to stop buying oil
from Russia. But more critically, we are
looking for out for any energy deals
that could come out of this meeting
because Putin is accompanied by his
energy minister by the leaders of
stateowned oil company Gasprom for
example and Russian media reported that
there might be deals being signed. We
know Russia has been wanting to ch
wanting China to buy more gas from the
country. It wants China to sign on to uh
invest in building this power of Siberia
2 pipeline that could divert a lot of
the gas that used to be sold to Europe
to China. But Beijing has been pushing
back a little bit for their own reasons.
They don't see the need to urgently step
up their purchases of Russian energy.
They don't want to over rely on one
country. And at the same time, there's
still the threat from Trump hanging over
sea as well. So if they do sign a deal,
that's definitely going to be something
that has potential repercussions on
USChina relations and any trade deal
that US and China will sign as well.
>> Yep. Spotlight's definitely on uh what's
going on there right now. Mimman, thank
Thank you Lo there. Our China
correspondent joining us live from
Beijing this morning. Still ahead, we're
speak exclusively with COMMA
BioScience's founder and CEO on on the
firm's outlook and Hong Kong's role in
the biotech sector. But first, BMP
Paraba joins us next with her outlook on
the global economy and why they now see
two Fed cuts this year. Of course, as we
countdown to that Fed meeting just about
oh less than two weeks from now. We're
counting down the opens of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong
futures slightly to the upside here this
morning. This is the China show.
[Music]
You're watching the China show this
morning. Just got the yuan fix coming
through 71089. The estimate had been for
7135.
We actually saw yesterday the offshore
yuan slipping a little bit because we
had the PBOC weakening its reference
rate for the currency. First time in 4
months. this morning. Not really seeing
too much too much change to it, but
there is actually a call, an interesting
call out from the Council on Foreign
Relations, and they're saying that
essentially China needs to allow the
yuan to strengthen past seven if you
start to really make it something that
can foster fair trade.
>> Yeah. Yeah, you know, and it's
interesting a lot of sellside analysts
are expecting that could be the
direction of travel for the the dollar
rem that you know 710 certainly could be
in sights, but really I think even I
think it's Goldman that said seven a few
weeks ago. So certainly there is maybe
that sort of narrative that they are
maybe using the currency as a way to
help with its economic recovery boost
what's been going on this equity rally
as well and yeah a potential olive
branch I believe Barclay's called it uh
to the US as well. In terms of the week
ahead, we still talk about, right?
Right. We're still about two weeks away
from the Fed meeting and before that, we
have so much to impact whether it is uh
the jobs report on Friday. You have
inflation numbers to before that Fed
meeting as well. And certainly there is
more chatter now of really what could
happen with the Fed here. Uh if in fact
we get one strong jobs report, then what
happens, right, let's bring Luigi,
global head of markets 360 and chief
economist at B&B Paraba. It seems like
it's not a very tall order for a
September rate cut now from the Fed, but
we still have two big uh data prints
before that as well. What are you
expecting really the next few weeks?
>> Um I think after Jackson all I would say
that the Fed is a bit less data
dependent at this stage. So of course
they don't per report on Friday is very
important but I I I I think really a
rate cut now is um is coming in
September and then we'll see from from
there. The Fed is very focused at the
moment on the downside risk to the labor
market and here the revisions to past
data played a very important role. they
move the data from above the break even
uh pace uh I mean uh the the rate
consistent with a stable unemployment
rate to below that and so now the Fed is
focused on the dental risks it looks at
inflation as transitory unless it's
proved in a different way and I think
the data will not challenge this in
September and then we'll see after that
so 25 basis point cut in September is
our base case
>> yeah it seems like the base case for
many others you're talking about the
downside risk what about the upside risk
What do you see there?
>> Well, I I we think this downside risk
will not materialize and the Fed will
help here with sort of a insurance cut
if you want. That's the way I regard the
September cut. Uh the labor market is
being weakening probably more than we
had expected on the base of you know
original data but I think it's still a
soft patch here. Um we have uh we
reached peak uncertainty around the
middle of the year. Now the uncertainty
is going down because most of the kind
of you know the trade policy is more is
more known um at this age and so I think
this should see actually recovery in the
labor market. We have seen low hiring
but no firing um and I guess this is
just because corporates were waiting for
more more certainty and we are here we
are. So actually I think a rebound will
will take place. The labor market
gradually improving the same for growth
and inflation remains a risk in the
medium term. It was last jobs report
where we saw those massive revisions
right and it led to of course the BLS
head being fired and and a lot of
questions about you know the Fed having
to cut now because the labor market is
really showing some cracks. You you
don't think this time around we're going
to see that?
>> No, I think this risk will materialize.
Actually we're optimistic on the medium
term. There is still optimism across
corporates. The balance sheets of both
the private the households and the
corporate sector are healthy. I I think
the fundamentals of the economies are
are are quite solid actually not just in
the US actually globally it's the same
story.
>> What about in the Euro zone? I mean one
of the big focuses this year has been on
on defense spending for instance but
how's the broader economy holding up do
you think?
>> Well I do see one word here resilience.
Last time I was here, the key questions
from you and many investors was how deep
is going to be the recession in Europe.
>> And here we are after a few months, no
recession. The economies running about
trend and inflation is at 2%. So I think
it's very decent outlook even before the
fiscal stimulus kicks in. So I would I
would say I'll be optimistic also on on
on Europe and our forecast for next year
are above consensus reflecting uh the
pass through and the spillover effect
from the fiscal sims in Germany to the
rest of of the Euro zone.
>> So is it easy to be done?
>> UCB is done. Yes, that's our base case
at this point. A kind of unexpected
shock is required for DCB to re-engage.
Actually let me say I think the next
move is a hike which come probably by
the end of 2026 and that's a way we
express if you want our optimism for
growth and the possibility that
inflation after you know being around 2%
or slightly below at the beginning of
next year might you know come up again.
>> I mean the euro the euro appreciation
this year has been really notable and
and you're at 117 now. Where does it go
toward the end of the year?
>> We believe there is more to come. uh we
have a target at 120 and now this
reflects um a number of factors. Some
technical factors such as you know
edging ratio still relatively low and
there is still scope for some pick up
but in general reflects also relative
optimism about the fundamentals of the
economy and a key risk for the dollar is
of course this debate about Fed
independence you know a notion which I
think very risky for the currency is not
priced in so this is something to look
at as well. I think that's why we're
seeing yield curves globally steepen,
right? Whether it's sticky inflation in
Japan, whether it's political risk in in
in parts of France and then you have
also this Fed independence in question
as well. What what happens in the long
end of the curve then? Should I continue
to see more pressure and that steepening
trade to continue?
>> Yeah. So, we we we're bearish in general
yield in Europe in particular and we see
steeper curves again reflecting actually
for optimistic reasons reflecting the
fiscal boost effectively which is not
fully priced in necessarily. Um and
again u u um I would add also uh tighter
peripheral spread. I think that's been a
surprise for uh a number of investors
not for us been but we thought that you
know the situation of Spain and Italy
was probably a bit better than people
were anticipating and we see this trend
effectively to continue. These are
probably key views together with broader
weakness of the US dollar in particular
against the euro.
>> Yeah. How big of that that theme still
the the diversification away from the
US?
>> Uh well you know the there was a lot
focus on US exceptional is coming to an
end. I don't think that's the case but
the team is here um here to stay um I
believe um and I kind of optimistic on
um on on on this diversification to play
a role um into European markets in
particular.
>> Uh I want to ask you about China. you
you have been ahead of the pack when it
comes to growth forecast and you you
think 5% is you know growth target
hitting that pretty easy this year
>> and the consensus seems to be patching
up now
>> yeah we probably were we were at the
high end of the range when it comes to
growth forecast and I think now the
consensus is catching up with our own
forecast um so 5% is within reach and
now it's a story related a bit more to
export than domestic demand so there are
problems domestic demand is still a is
sluggish but I think the fact that the
target is when we reach is important
because it's probably reduce a bit
incentive for a major fiscal boost. We
expecting something moderate to come in
the autumn.
>> Right Luigi, thanks very much for
joining us this morning. That was Luigi
Spiranza there, global head of markets
360 and chief economist at BMP Power
Bar. Stay tuned as well uh for our
coverage of the BMP PowerBA global
markets APAC conference that kicks off
on Wednesday. Uh just quick note as well
because Ivonne was mentioning earlier,
we've got this ox debut. This is the air
conditioner maker this morning just
starting that that pre-market trading
again ahead of its trading debut in a
few minutes from now under pressure here
today after what again has been already
a pretty modest IPO valuation as well.
But more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
You're watching the China show this
morning. We're just a few minutes away
from the start of trade here. You're
seeing equity futures a little bit under
pressure, but put it in the context of
course because it was a very strong
start to the week and a big focus as
well on Alibaba numbers. uh this real
optimism as well around their cloud
business AI in particular.
>> Yeah. So, did the earnings really kind
of catapult uh the stock to maybe new
heights? Well, certainly this is one
watching here. Well, the stock is up
some 2% in the pre-market right now. But
if you look at the options market,
right, the stock is basically heading
towards 140 at the time when call buyers
really stepped into play here right now.
So, if it's a 140 strike and they're
talking about the September calls as
well, so they're thinking this could be
happening pretty soon. The volumes for
that has certainly been skyrocketing
four times the year-to-day average
there. So much more interest there for
the stock. There you go. Pop of 2% for
Alibaba. The open is next
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. This morning we're counting down
to the open of markets here. You've got
futures that are looking a little bit
mixed. Slightly high for mainland
slightly under pressure for the hanging.
But overall, I mean, there's some very
bullish calls who have got coming into
the session as well today, including
from How Hong. He's looking at a stock
bull run that could be coming up beyond
the imagination. And also just that yuan
fix a fourth day around the 710 level.
something else that could provide a
little bit of assistance to equities.
>> Yeah, certainly continue to watch that
as well. Baba stock continues for
another day here. So after about what 17
18% gain, we're talking another 2% here
as well. We'll see how US markets open
up coming back from that labor market
holiday. But certainly it seems like
that rally can continue at least for
another time day. But we'll see what the
whole tech space delivers, right?
There's certainly have been, you know,
more earnings like NEO to tell you
about. The EV sector came out with some
uh different sort of sales numbers
growth. Uh so there's a bit of
divergence trends there that we got to
kind of digest there as well. Uh we're
flat when it comes to onshore markets
here. So perhaps things looking a little
bit quieter here as well after what was
uh quite a remarkable rally yesterday in
Hong Kong, right? Um so there you go.
You are seeing bonds are slightly bit up
here. So the 30-year down about one
basis point as well. Uh we're watching
very closely what's been happening with
oil markets as well. That's been
focusing a lot of course what's been
going on the SEO and the like here. Uh
and also when it comes to earnings
earnings earnings that's certainly one
thing we're watching very closely here
as well. The EV sector as I talked about
uh also so Hong Kong is looking like
this year right now. Um when you take a
look at what's been going on so when it
comes to really Alibaba there you go
we're seeing about upside about what 810
of 1%. So still seeing some decent gains
there right now. 10 cents unchanged
here. Mtoan is heading lower. So you've
got to wonder you know after this rally
is there some sort of need to to kind of
uh get a bit of profit taking here as
well. Robin Shane from Morgan Stanley
for one thing did mention the retail
investor participation isn't as
pronounced as it was in previous sort of
rallies here right now and they're still
maybe a bit hesitant about the whole
macro picture for them to really kind of
lean in into this market as well. So if
you're thinking this whole kind of
household savings deploying back to
stocks that whole shift they say is not
as material uh so far right so there you
go hang property is one thing to watch
here right because you talk about
highore yesterday we're we're basically
now at levels that are back to the
year-to-day highs right so the highest
of the year that could be a bit of a
headache for some of the property
developers uh here in the city as well
uh honky dollars at what seven sub 780
here and watching that dollar China
trade as well another strong fix on the
POC here Today, EV makers are doing
this, right? So, we had some August
delivery numbers that came through here.
Neo and Julie seem to be standing out
according to city. So, there you go.
You're seeing some upside there. Neo is
the next to also report uh for the
second quarter. BYD recovering after
what was a pretty bad earnings result as
well. So, we're seeing at least August
do decently well to help uh the stock
recover here. And we're talking about
now a trading debut pretty cool
reception for the AC maker uh here right
now. ox. Uh certainly there's a lot of
talk about you know there is a lot of
competition in the whole air
conditioning space in China as well but
yeah you were talking about the
valuations and all that leading up to
this debut but no not the best first day
of school.
>> Interesting though as well to note just
midday I mean that's another air
conditioner maker and it's actually
rising today in the session. So it's
just an interesting comparison to note
given it's that big talk of excessive uh
uh competition rather in in in the air
conditioning industry.
>> Yep. Yeah, let's take a closer look at
the impact of course of the stock rally
and what does it mean in terms of what
policy makers are looking at as well as
we talked to Shulie Ren about you know
maybe regulators are looking at this
rally and they really want to engineer a
slow one to try to bring more confidence
uh back into this market as well uh for
China. So for Changu and her team at
Uber Economics, they say, you know, does
this actually delay monetary easing in
some ways? They think so. Maybe the POC
reluctant to add more liquidity when
equity prices are surging for fear of
inflating a mini bubble. Here to discuss
all that is Chang Shu, the chief Asia
economist. So you know what why do how
do you think regulars are looking at
this rally right now?
I think and they'll be quite cautious
that they're feeling positive about it
in some ways. I mean, if you look at the
rally, you do see some positivities. I I
I think if you look at the drivers and
there's some sort of expectation that um
the government effort to curb over
capacity could help profits over the
longer term and there's a stronger push
by the government to uh for tech uh
self-reliance that should benefit the
tax sector and there's also great uh
institutional participation. So all
those are quite positive factors which
you can think of uh them as longerterm
supports but certainly there's a concern
at this point whether the market will go
run ahead of itself ahead of macro
fundamentals and and ahead of policies
could um having a visible impact on on
those different aspects we have talked
about. So, so I I think the the
regulators will be will have quite mixed
feelings on this one.
>> Yeah. So that if that stock market runup
delays the path for monetary easing,
where does it leave fiscal policy then?
>> Yeah. on fiscal policy. We never
expected a a major step up in terms of
the overall size of the uh of the
stimulus because um the budget stimulus
there's quite a lot left for the second
half of the year. In fact, the the size
of the the money that needs to be spent
is actually equivalent of the total for
10 years back in 2016. So that's quite a
lot to deliver. Um it's possible that
the government uh it's very likely in
fact uh the government will continue to
improve the structure um of the fiscal
stimulus. We've seen those efforts you
know the the child subsidies and and the
waiver of pre u school education fees.
So those are the direction the
government will likely go to promote
consumption more. But uh as far as we
can see without a massive sort of rapid
slowdown in growth we we think the
government might not add substantively
on their fiscal sides.
>> Do you think that the the role of the
equity market in some ways in helping to
boost confidence create a bit of a
wealth effect? Do you think that there's
a changing role in the equity market now
and how you know policy makers look at
it in terms of really how to boost the
economy now?
>> Yeah, I I think what the nine you are
thinking is entirely right. I think
before uh equity markets the regulators
didn't pay that much attention but it's
getting more more important as an
overall sort of uh kind of asset
allocation a key component of it
especially you think you know these days
you can hardly put your money in the
housing market. So so people do want to
diversify um across different asset
classes. So potentially the asset market
the stock market will become more
important and if you look at the
so-called wealth effects coming from the
stock market and for China it has never
been that significant if you run models
etc you can't really detect much of that
but going forward potentially uh that
that could have a greater impact and
importantly uh it's a import is a key uh
barometer for uh for sentiment
All right, Chong, thanks very much for
joining us this morning. That was Chung
Shu there, our chief Asia economist and
taking a look at New World this morning
as well, the stock because it's actually
under pressure down around 4% right now.
But yesterday, I mean, it was gaining
substantially, closing 7% to the upside.
We did have a really great Bloomberg
scoop on this. Uh, essentially the
controlling shareholder, that's the
billionaire Chung family, is said to be
considering injecting capital into the
debt led and builder. So that move we've
reported as well could take place as
soon as the end of this year. Let's get
more with our China credit reporter
Tissa Law who is with us. So what do we
know exactly about the plan so far?
Yeah. So we heard from sources that the
Chan family is as actually considering
to inject $1.3 billion dollars and they
are trying to uh find a partner who can
you know roughly to provide a similar
amount of um this equity stake and uh we
know that the plan under discussion is
like they will um create a John venture
together and try to inject the liquidity
to to new world and um some big name
like Blackstone and also capital land
are involved in such a discussion.
>> Okay. Why do you think this capital
injection or the potential of it is
actually quite important for investors
right now?
>> It's actually the first time for the
Chong family to actually come out to
show they have the willingness to inject
fresh money into New World. Um after
they bought out a subsidiary bet in
2023. But you know earlier this year
when New World was you know u struggling
in those long refinancing discussion
actually you know the family actually
you know sit on the sideline most of the
time. So that's why as we can see um
yesterday the market react pretty
positive because investor actually
looking at you know this potential uh
capital injection because any new money
came into uh this company will help them
to cut the debt low and help them to
sustain its operation and also it will
offer them room to do uh you know
liability management exercise on it
bond. So that's why I think investor are
watching closely on this. All right, a
great one from your team there uh Trista
there. Our China credit reporter Trista
W on uh the potential capital injection
from uh New World Group there as well.
Stocks are slightly down, but yes, right
now we're going to continue the story.
Play more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
We talk a lot about how much optimism
there is in tech stocks in the
innovation space in China, but actually
there's one sector that is managing to
outperform this year. It's actually
Chinese healthcare stocks. You can see
here on this chart, for instance, you've
got a more than 90% gain in 2025 for the
Hangen Composite Industry Index. That's
the healthcare subcomponent versus what
you see for the broader hang here. Still
doing well. Uh it's interesting as well
because we're just seeing so much
optimism around biotech generally in
China and that's also when you've got
more licensing taking place. There's
more drug discovery and also more
earnings visibility as well.
>> Yep. And certainly one of them is Hong
Kong listed pharmaceutical firm Cyomap
Bioscience report a narrower loss for
the first half of 2025 as they see some
financial recovery. And the company also
highlight what it calls a third revol
revolution in the biioarma space which
really is driven by innovation and
supply chain strategies. Lean is the
founder and chairman and CEO and joins
us exclusively here in our Hong Kong
studios. Uh it's great to have you on.
Um and and really it's it's interesting
right just you're one of the first I
think local biotech companies to really
list here in the city a few years ago
and I still remember investors at the
time were still quite cautious about
biotech in general and now it's one of
the most best performing sectors in Hong
Kong. What is the sort of biotech 3.0
look like to you now?
>> Well you know you know that a lot of
like about the companies in in the main
and China actually they call themselves
innovation. Uh I call them innovation
2.0 zero because they use known targets,
known products, they use different
combinations to put them together to to
to serve certain kind of like a disease
indications. Uh those are good
innovations but then the target itself
is old targets, known targets or
validated targets. So 3.0 means that
actually we identify targets that are
not heard before or not done before
developed as a product out there. And
the reason why we do do this kind of
innovation 3.0 Z is that innovation 2.0
or 2 1.0 they cannot handle certain
disease indications uh with certain
unmet medical needs. So we want to find
a first-in-class product in order to get
into the best-in-class category so that
we can deal with unmet medical needs and
with differentiating clinical outcomes.
M
>> so talk to us then about the drugs
you've got on development because you're
you're targeting a variety of different
indicators but but SM03 and SM7 I think
are your two most promising.
>> Yes. uh especially SM7 uh actually um we
just had a a topline result released uh
in uh April and that is a phase one B
proof concept data using like 32
patients of serious attopic dermatitis
uh u disease patients and then the
result itself indicate that our product
outperforms in all areas in terms of
like anti-issue response in terms of the
skin clearance as well as the safety
which actually out competes existing
best-in-class drug uh that targets IO
IO4 receptor alpha. So uh I think that
in in the future that actually um we
will be able to uh compete uh with all
available drugs uh on the market with a
better performance and then in fact
quite quite a lot of like MSC big farmer
company are interested in our product.
Yeah, I want to clarify on SMO3. It
looked like you did you voluntarily
withdraw your BLA application?
>> Yes. Recently,
>> because like we talked to um the the CDE
and the CD uh wants us to give a
supplementary um uh clinical trial. I
see
>> on that and then we figured out uh
because the differentiation itself we
saw with our preclinical data indicate
SM3 is even better with lupus especially
on lupus and nephritis and protein ura
improvements. So we decided actually we
are going to go into the lupus area as
well as another indication Alzheimer's
disease because SMO3 we found that
actually it will work to remove a beta
as well as to suppress the inflammation
in the brain. So,
>> so does that mean that you will resubmit
then to the application but but resubmit
it instead of targeting rheumatoid
arthritis now you're targeting systemic
lupus areotosis instead
>> uh we actually have already got our IND
for lupus so we have completed phase one
already uh I think back I think uh
several years ago so we're going to move
on with the phase two clinical trials
onwards
>> okay what if you get approval can you
tell us more about what what are the
plans to commercialize it and are you
planning to do it by yourself or look
out for a partner?
>> Uh we're going to find a partner because
like uh we have decided we're going to
do light assets because Hong Kong is so
expensive
>> and then the CDMO the ecosystem is so
well established right now in main and
China. So we can leverage on this uh
availability of different uh
organization to help us like uh get our
product uh out into the market without
our ourself putting into the effort into
it.
>> We have we are basically R&D company. We
are very good at R&D. So we're going to
focus on that.
>> And do you have a timeline?
>> The timeline within three years.
>> Three years. Okay.
>> So then given you are Hong Kong based
but you're talking about sort of the
cost and and the advantages of working
with companies in mainland China.
Why do you choose to be based here
instead?
>> I think Hong Kong has a lot of
advantages. Number one is talent pool
and Hong Kong has a lot of talents uh in
the field of bio technology, finance
etc. that actually formed a a small
ecosystem that will promote R&D here in
Hong Kong. We have one of the best
universities in Hong Kong like uh Hong
Kong University, the Chinese University
of Hong Kong and US and others. And then
also that actually Hong Kong is a
financial hub. So then bound tech
actually is a is a is a money burning
kind of business and then financing is
one of the most active like involvement
in bound technology. So putting all
together plus the fact that Hong Kong is
international city that will bridge
China uh to the west through Hong Kong
and we use common law. So it will foster
good collaboration between different uh
big farmers and um different companies
within China and Hong Kong. Do you what
would you like to see more? I mean, is
there more that the government can do to
really kind of foster and nurture more
homegrown biotech companies like
yourself?
>> I think the government is doing that
already. They realize that actually this
is one of the biggest uh type like uh
industry in addition to finance uh for
Hong Kong's growth and then u they
establish Hong Science Park and there
are quite a number of programs in there.
They also establish uh the Hong Kong
genome institute to promote all this
genome research etc. So I think that
they actually moving towards the
direction and then uh of course and then
they also have the loop the loop between
Shenzhen and Hong Kong and then you have
a lot of activities going on in the loop
that facilitate the the the the the the
transfer of product between China and
Hong Kong. One thing I have to uh remind
myself they have the one plus one
mechanisms that means product approved
in China. If they do, if you do a
clinical trial in Hong Kong, then you
will get approval in Hong Kong for
marketing. Yeah.
>> So, you're looking at going back to SMO
03 rather, but you're looking at
licensing it within 3 years. I mean,
what's the goal here for for SOMAB? Is
it to to target the Chinese market or
you have more global ambitions?
>> We keep the China market ourselves. So,
we're going to develop the product
ourself within China, but outside of
China, the global market, we're going to
license out. So not just SMO3, SM7 is
another very hot uh product actually out
there that big farmers are very
interested in. We also have other
products that actually target our
reactor alopixia reactor and vitiligo
and another product that target our
super roses that are of interest to a
lot of MSC as well.
>> I was going to ask you about something a
bit broader about AI. I mean everyone
talks about the application of AI and
you know one of the key beneficiaries
seems to be the healthc care sector. How
are you incorporating AI now into your
business?
>> AI is just a tool and then how you going
to use the tool to facilitate your
research is based on the idea that you
have for example we may be able to use
AI to modify the affinity of antibbody
so that we can have better safety or we
can increase affinity or lower affinity
using AI to help us guide us into the
mutations uh uh uh permutations
available instead of doing it randomly.
you can do AI to do that. This is just
one example of it and you have many more
of those and then depending on your
innovation because even if with AI you
have to be innovative.
>> Yeah. And I guess innovating as well or
showing that you're innovating to to an
investment audience. I'm curious as
well. Are you looking at any sort of
fundraising activities right now?
>> Uh we just completed two financial uh uh
equity finance uh via uh private
placements uh I think in the last uh 3
months. So raising about 500 million
Hong Kong dollars. So uh for the next
two years uh the coming two years we
don't need additional funding uh for our
research plus the fact that we actually
negotiating with big farmers about the
possibility of licensing not just one
product multiple products with this big
farmers. So if that is successful we
will have continuous stream of in income
from the licensing uh fees as well.
Yeah.
>> All right. Well thank you very much for
joining us. That was Luong Shu on there,
the founder, chairman, and CEO of Somad
Bioscience. Thanks so much for joining
us this morning. And just uh as we've
been discussing, I mean, it's that
continued rally in gold. This is now
touching at 3,500 an ounce. Uh it is
that that big prospect for Fed easing
that's on the horizon, and that is
certainly playing into the dynamics for
gold as well as geopolitical risks.
>> Yeah, all-time highs. Um we come off
just a little bit, right? It was 3,500
that briefly touched as well. That was
the record that was set back in April.
Uh but this is really after we heard
from gold silver, right? The fact that
it surged the first time. Uh and really
to the highest since 14 years. So it
seems like precious metals overall have
maybe more sprung to life now as we get
more closer to that Fed uh meeting in
just a few days or so. As well, we got
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. Some of the top global
headlines that we're tracking this
morning. Over 800 people are being
killed. That's after a powerful
earthquake rocked the eastern region of
Afghanistan. At least 2,000 people were
left injured when the tremor hit Kunar
Province, which borders Pakistan. Strong
jolts were also felt in various parts of
Pakistan, including Islamabad. The Quake
is the deadliest such disaster in more
than two years.
Lawmakers from Thailand's largest
opposition party is set to meet on
Tuesday. The People's Party is currently
being courted by rival groups to form a
government. The party earlier said it
hasn't decided who to back as the next
prime minister after the ouster of Pyong
Tan Shinawad. Despite her removal, S&P
Global says it expects little disruption
to government operations. All right,
we're checking markets here right now
and just as we talking about, right,
with gold briefly touching that all-time
high. Well, perfect timing. Shan Gold is
slightly higher here today. There was a
share placement of up to 4 billion Hong
Kong dollars. Uh, so the stock is
slightly to the upside here today. Take
a look how EV stocks are doing. So,
there was a mixed picture across some of
these uh names here as well. Also, by
seems to be recovering after their
earnings yesterday as well, but NEO is
the next one to watch here. Uh, but yes,
Lee Auto seemed to be a bit of a
disappointment where their sales
actually did decline in August as well,
but NEO and J according to City was
actually doing better. We got plenty
more to come. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. It's a
sunny day in Shanghai and take a look at
the CSI 300 just a half hour of the
session and yeah, we're coming off a
little bit here, but we're still seeing
a slight upside about a tenth of 1%. Mi
China is also, but certainly yesterday
was the big one here when it came to
southbound flows, right? Uh and
certainly all of it was really down to
Alibaba and what happened in those
earnings as well. Uh so we'll see if we
see a continued sort of momentum in the
Hong Kong market here. It seems to be a
little bit more subdued here of course
as we get closer uh to the military
parade that certainly is happening uh
tomorrow as well. So certainly there's a
lot at hand but certainly the rest of
the markets are doing okay.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. I mean I think to your point I
mean there's sort of yesterday really
was that exuberance around China stocks
but Alibaba in particular have actually
just seen Alibaba turning negative after
what has been an 18.5% pop to start the
week. But as well something else that
sort of not cast a shadow but certainly
plays into liquidity and the dynamics of
the market today is the fact that US
markets were closed on Monday. So we
didn't get any sort of lead in from Wall
Street. But today you actually are
seeing a bit of a reversal of fortunes
for the likes of the nicke also the
Cosby. Both of those stock markets were
under pressure given you had these uh
exemptions that were repealed on sales
of of advanced chipmaking equipment and
semiconductors to the mainland market in
China. So that really played into the
dynamics on Monday. Again, you're seeing
a bit of an improvement in the session
today. Taiwan as well, uh, fairly steady
so far. JGB yields, you can see they're
just continuing to track around their
highs since 2008. But it is that big
focus on the JGB auction uh, coming up
later today. In Indonesia, we just had
the market coming online this morning
again, moving a little bit higher.
Yesterday, it closed in the red at one
point falling the most in 5 months, but
really big questions around the
political toy in Indonesia. It does
appear maybe like it's looking to be
relatively contained for now. But the
latest we have on this is that the
finance chief, this is Inati of course
has vowed better policies. Her home was
looted uh in these protests as well. The
IDR, you can see there Indonesian Rupia
again fairly steady, but we did see the
the the central bank in Indonesia
stepping in to defend that. Big focus on
the metal space this morning. You've
just seen gold touching 3,500 an ounce.
That's uh the spot reading there. You
can see silver of course has been the
big beneficiary as well because you saw
it hitting that $40 an ounce level as
well. Uh really record highs or or
multi-year highs for silver as well. But
it's that big bet around Fed easing.
>> Yeah, it seems like that really is
helping the precious metals overall,
right? And certainly a lot of bets that
maybe you know September is becoming
more of a sure bet that we're going to
see a rate cut as well. Uh certainly
there's a lot to talk about here. Let's
bring in our M life strategist Mark
Cranfield joining us from Singapore
right now. It is quiet, but there's
still a lot ahead it seems like right
right now. We talk about this eerie calm
leading up to jobs report, inflation,
and then the Fed in just a few weeks or
so. Mark, but what's top of mind for you
today?
>> Never quiet for Markets Live. Always
something going on.
>> Um the gold the gold story is is
actually very interesting. It goes it
goes way beyond um just about lower US
interest rates. Of course, that's a
factor. the fact that people expect the
Federal Reserve uh to to lower rates
probably at the September meeting. So
you would expect the US dollar to be a
bit weaker, but more than that, if if
the dollar is going to be weaker,
typically the first place that would
benefit the most would be the euro, but
in France, we've got concerns about the
yield curve in France and the debt
situation there. So that's taking away
some of the shine from the euro. Then
you've got the yen which is being caught
up in the whole issue about is the bank
of Japan behind the curve or not. So the
yen is not as strong as it might be. So
you also on top of all of that have the
the concerns about Federal Reserve in
independence whether the Federal Reserve
is able to make policy exactly in the
way it should be transparently in
relation to the data which it sees. You
put all of those things into the mix and
the only place that investors appear to
be really sure of what to do is to buy
precious metals with gold leading the
way, silver coming up behind it. So
really everything is coming together
very nicely. If you were positive on
gold before, you're going to be even
more positive about it now when you see
the risks to currencies around the world
and central bank policy. It really is
the time when gold not just is doing
well, but this may last for a while yet.
>> What else we're curious whether it will
last a while is is the China rally and
and then we've come into the session
this morning with calls from the likes
of Ho Hong for instance saying that we
could be setting up for a rally beyond
our current imagination. What do you
think the outlook is from here?
Well, certainly in the near term, the
setup is still very positive for for
China stocks, Hong Kong stocks and the
whole tech sector there. If you look at
what happened yesterday with Alibaba,
the stock had a a huge rally as you've
been discussing, but turnover was
enormous. It was a hu biggest day this
year so far for Alibaba stock with a
very strong close as well. For momentum
players, that's the kind of signals that
tell them there is more to go in this
story. And we're seeing a lot of talk
about China getting traction in the
whole AI space that takes it away from
the United States. People finally've
been looking for alternatives throughout
the whole of last year. People are
questioning whether or not there was any
other alternative to the American tech
story. Well, finally, China is filling
the gap and there will be plenty of
money that will be thinking, okay, it's
time to shift away from North America.
Let's look for places in Asia and China
obviously stands out. So that will help
to fuel even more money coming towards
the the Chinese story. And you got the
PBC doing their part. They're
maintaining a very strong stable
currency which is exactly what foreign
investors want to see. So everything is
coming together nicely. The market may
look a little bit frothy right now. But
if you dig deeper, for example, in the
Hen futures, the positioning is not as
extreme as it was in October when the
market sold off. So, it looks as though
yes, people have been pushing towards
the long side in the market, but they're
not really overextended. This looks as
though it can run for a while yet.
>> Yep. The slowbull run as we've been
calling it. Mark, thank you. Mark
Cranfield, MI strategist, joining us out
of Singapore. Let's bring in Dena Tang,
head of global index portfolio
management at Franklin Templeton. Dena,
it's great to have you here in the
region. Obviously, there's a lot to talk
about with this China rally in terms of
ETF space. What are you seeing in terms
of flows back into this market? Yeah. So
we rarely see a lot of flows into China
ETF especially in the US uh because of
all the uh political situation that come
into play. But this year is different
and we see that across uh because we
have at Franklin Templeton we have
products that are listed in the US as
well as in Europe. We see a lot of flow
going into our China funds. In fact our
China fund in the US um kind of grew
significantly over the year. And I think
what we see now is uh people are looking
for diversification right you see the US
market has been dominant the past decade
or more uh and you see the concentration
in the max 7 and if you look at China
who's been trading at a discount but yet
still a significant part of not only the
population but also the GDP and if you
look at the uh what we call the
equivalent max 7 or prominent 10 uh it's
they don't they don't make up as much of
a percentages of that particular
country. So there's opportunity in terms
of where they will be growing given the
the flows as well as the uh the
individual that makes up for that. And
then the other part of it is how they
make up in the uh longerterm team such
as the AI. Uh so the US market has all
the uh AI who produce the actual
investment across but AI could come from
like an actual business
>> product and how it will benefit a
business not just investment to create
the model that can answer all the
different questions. So I think that
could be like a potential differentiator
in terms of creating a real world
example that actually help the business
moving forward.
>> Yeah, we know that's been sort of the
big focus in China is really the
application of AI and and driving
greater even business efficiencies. But
what kind of ETFs are people favoring
when you talk about China as a group? I
mean is it sort of more plain vanilla?
Is there a particular sector? Is it a
type like levered for instance? Are
people taking riskier bets? Yeah, I
think it's a combination but for
majority of investors, uh, investing in
a particular country is already a leap.
If you look at a US investor's lens, uh,
investing internationally, sometimes
it's not even in their portfolio. So, if
you just get a broad-based China fund,
you already get exposure that you never
have in your typical portfolio. So, but
of course uh with the broad-based China
fund, what you get is exposure into some
of these different countries and that's
what you get to get a broad exposure
across.
>> Um there's a lot of talk about, you
know, the national team per se that's
been kind of maybe buying up a lot of
these ETFs to to support the market. How
much are you seeing if any from your
end? I mean we talk about like the
impact of government and like what their
policy is and I think we're now in the
environment where those type of things
will happen right look at the
involvement in the US look at the
involvement in Japan so China is no
different in that respect and I think
those are like the type of factor that
investor needs to consider because
that's how you kind of expect the
environment to be and if they do it
right it's actually going to be
beneficial for the Chinese market. you
talk about this this so-called prominent
10 which you just mentioned earlier. Can
you explain exactly what that is and and
and the sort of makeup of it as well?
>> Yes. So prominent 10 is kind of similar
to like the Max 7. So they're the
largest company in the respective
market. So in this case in Chinese
market and what we see in the US that
Magnificent 7 is very technology
ccentric but in the prominent 10 in the
in a Chinese market is a lot more
diverse and so you get a little bit more
of the economy because China is moving I
guess from a manufacturing base into
more of a service-based economy. Uh but
also I think what they wanted to become
is a broad exposure. So for investors to
have a broad exposure, it's better for
them. If you invest in a stock that has
been performing quite well like the MAX
7 and it's priced to perfection, any
negative surprises could be making it
vulnerable. So having a more broad-based
whether whatever industry that is
covered is better for investors at the
end.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I want to kind of step back
and talk a little bit more because you
cover global uh overall, but is is there
you know the whole talk about the need
to find alternatives to to US assets for
example. I mean this coming at a time
when you're still seeing the S&P and and
equity markets in the US doing very very
well thanks to the MAG 7. How much of
that is actually happening and and what
do you see across some of the funds that
you track?
>> We actually starting to see it this year
which we always said look diversify but
we actually never actually see it
through diversification. Now we we're
seeing like uh people going into South
Korea, going into India, going into
Taiwan as a way to diversify. And I
think one thing that is very noticeable
on the uh liberation day, uh we see like
volatility spikes and the US which
typically is considered like the safe
haven has like among the largest spike
in terms of volatility in comparison. Uh
the Latin America surprisingly is the
one that doesn't move as well as India.
uh but the different country has
different impacts. So it tells you that
I think the world is being rewritten
both in terms of global trade policy as
well as the potential trade across. So
it's a chance for all these countries to
find a way and a way to move forward as
well. One story that sort of stood out
last week to me just around ETFs
generally, I think it was well it was a
Bloomberg report, but quoting some
research I think from Morning Star about
the the sheer number of ETFs and in the
US now there's more ETFs than there
actually are listed stocks.
H what does that mean for an investor do
you think? And is that something that's
that's a positive or does it just really
make it more convoluted and complex to
invest?
>> Well, to start is a positive because
they giving you more choices, right? we
see evolution from ETF where originally
it was showing um like exposure to a
specific market cap uh exposure and now
you see evolution into the MADX ETF into
um smart beta ETF the multifactor ETF so
for investors it's a choice of course
the market eventually is not sustainable
but the same thing like in mutual fund
eventually the fund that is not
successful will eventually close down
but What ETF brings to the table is
democratizing access to all the
investors. So now all the different
strategy that in the past is limited to
institutional investors now are easily
available to retail investors as well.
>> The market though in Asia is is I mean
obviously not as mature. There's there's
it's it's much more competitive here in
a way because you've got a lot of
competition not just between Asia ETFs
but it's European and US as well. How do
you how do you describe the ETF
landscape here? So in Asia the Asia as a
whole each market is quite different and
I think that's a challenge for like
global firm like Franklin Templeton is
to find the best way across each of the
market that we enter. Uh so if you look
at Hong Kong, I think the the growth of
the ETF will be coming from the retail
investors. Institutional is paving the
way uh especially with the EMPF uh and
other u scheme that comes into play but
eventually we are hearing it that it
will happen as well. The same thing in
Japan right it start with the
institutional uh but Japan is slightly
different. they are not into they're
they have huge savings but they don't
actually put it into like equity. So I
think that's like a different uh move
across. So the way we look at it each
market is different was what's the way
across and then don't forget India is a
huge market that is still at the cups
and uh compared to like the rest of like
compared to Japan compared to China
right so China just passed Japan as the
largest ETF uh market but if you look at
the population of India and the growing
middle market there's a chance that
those market will explode uh moving
forward
>> okay you mentioned some of these
emerging themes obviously AI is one.
>> Uh crypto certainly people talk about
but what are some of the things that you
know where are you focusing more of your
time now in in now?
>> Yeah. So right now we focus on how on
the AI part is also how we actually
using it and how we invest. Uh but then
the theme that we see is how would you
quantify the impact of the geopoliticals
right it's becoming a lot bigger piece
than in the past. uh and then I think
for majority of us is like okay so
what's emerging but what's enduring but
how do we what do we do about it right
so because there's so many noises
especially you guys here here like
everything there's a new news that's
coming forward uh and I think it's try
to balance out between what's emerging
and what's enduring will help in terms
of guiding where we go next
>> Dena thanks for joining us this morning
that was Dina Ting there head of global
global index portfolio management at
Franklin Franklin Templeton. Coming up
next, we're going to be hearing more
about this meeting set to take place
later today. Chinese President Xi
Jinping sitting down with his Russian
counterpart. That's coming up on
Tuesday. So, we'll have details of that
just ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, the front pages of Chinese media
this morning are very much focused on
the SEO summit that just wrapped up in
Tanzin. Uh they're touting it as the
largest ever event that the organization
has hosted. Let's get more with our
China correspondent Mim Lo joining us
from Beijing this morning. So, Mim, I
mean, yeah, we certainly heard them
talking up some of the the key takeaways
from the event and the key milestones,
but talk us through what's happening on
the on the front pages.
Yeah, a lot of the coverage on Chinese
state media has been focused on
President C's speeches. He gave two
yesterday, one in the morning and one in
the evening to wrap up the SEO plus
meetings. And he talked about this new
global governance initiative that he's
putting forward with the principle of
sovereign equality that the rules of a
few countries shouldn't be imposed on
other countries. And it's really, you
know, China continuing to position this
SEO as the counterpoint to any
westernled international organization.
You also see the growing clout of the
organization as the SEO admits Laos as
the latest 27th member, not a full
member but a dialogue partner. Uh and at
the same time, China touted some of its
um commitments such as increasing loans
and investments to the region, pledging
to help SEO countries increase their
solar and wind power capacity by 10
million kilowatts over the next 5 years.
President C also saying that he is uh
proposing this new development bank
which uh at the end of the meeting all
members had agreed to and this is a win
for China. It's something that China had
mood at about 10 years ago but face a
bit of resistance especially from the
likes of Moscow according to reports
Moscow wanting China to join a Russian
controlled development bank instead. So
all in all you really see how Chinese
media is playing up China's role as the
leader of the SEO and galvanizing all
the different countries together. Uh
they are coming together to sign this
joint statement as well. And you see
this growing unity as the statement also
mentioned things like the terrorist
attacks in both India and Pakistan
giving equal weight to both countries.
That was something that was a point of
contention in the past as well with
India not willing to sign onto the joint
statement back in June when the defense
minister's uh meeting of the SEO
happened at the time.
>> Right. So you know obviously Modi being
there, Putin as well, Kim Jong-un I
believe is set to arrive ahead of that
parade today as well and certainly his
the fact that he is going to be there at
this military parade. I think the last
time a North Korean leader attended a
military parade in China was 1959. So,
how significant is this trip for Kim?
>> Well, yeah, it's been many years since
he attend a military parade of this
scale. Um, and he is right now on a
bulletproof train to China. That train
has already entered Chinese border is
expected to arrive sometime later today.
And it's interesting just ahead of his
trip, he visited a new missile factory
in Korea as well as a chemicals chemical
materials research institution under the
country's nuclear missile program. Um it
really you know he's highlighting or
unveiling any a new uh development
program for its uh inter
intercontinental missile and it really
is in defiance of the pressure that uh
North Korea has been facing especially
from the likes of the US and South Korea
to end its nuclearization program and in
some ways a snub to President Trump who
has indicated a willingness to meet with
Kim and the South Korean leader had
offered to host such a me meeting maybe
at the sidelines of the apex summit
sometime in October this year. Uh and
Kim obviously coming to China. He's
going to be standing on that days above
the portrait of Maadong alongside the
other big brothers President Putin and
Se and it's really a symbolic show of
unity here uh in challenging this US-led
international order. perhaps shows that
Kim is also less willing to maybe engage
with Trump, especially after the fallout
of the outcomes of that first Trump Kim
summit as well.
>> And what's the what's the sort of
chatter then on social media? What are
people saying about about this military
parade as well?
>> People are really really excited. You
just have to go to throw in and there
are so many comments. People are saying,
you know, they have taken a half day
leave tomorrow because they really want
to watch it. I saw someone else say, you
know, it makes me makes him feel like he
must come to Beijing at least once in
his lifetime. Other people are saying,
you know, they're just looking at these
footages of, you know, the rehearsals
and it brings tears to their eyes.
They're feeling goosebumps. A lot of
this feelings of patriotism that are
being stirred up here. But of course, at
the same time, it's a very high-profile
event. Security is going to be tight. We
already got notices from the government
about road closures starting from 9:30
p.m. tonight until 6:00 p.m. tomorrow.
So many parts of Beijing's traffic is
going to come to a standstill. The
subway stations as well, the subway
lines, they're skipping a few of the
stations around the Tanan Square area.
And we're not only looking out for the
cutting edge technology, the military
technology that will be on show, but
also some of the military personnel as
well. There's been widespread
speculation that maybe the vice chair of
the central military commission herong
might be absent tomorrow. There's been
speculation that he is under
investigation and these things are
normally not really explicitly
announced. So we want to look out for
whether there are any new faces
attending as well that could signal
maybe new uh personnel being promoted to
important positions.
>> All right, Mim, thank you. A lot to
expect for tomorrow there. Mim Lo, our
China correspondent joining us from
Beijing. uh just as we were talking we
were talking more about this this equity
rally and certainly when you talk a look
at uh signs of overheating and the like
people are looking at various metrics
right you take a look at margin trading
balance that now has jumped to a record
of $320 billion so once again we are
seeing a tremendous amount of interest
of course uh in this market and
certainly this is another sort of
milestone but we'll continue to watch
this one here equity markets though are
still quite I guess you could say muted
here in terms of what we're seeing now
CS I300 is pretty much flat. Shanghai is
down. So is Shenzhen here this morning.
We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
We're nearly 1 hour into the session so
far for Hong Kong and mainland markets
and we're keeping a watch on this
trading debut today. This is Ox
Electric. It's a maker of air
conditioners. It's falling in its debut
as well because they had opened at 1610
a share. The IPO price was 17 Hong Kong
42 cents. But lots of question marks
really around this listing today. Is it
just injecting further competition into
a pretty crowded space?
>> I mean, the Hong Kong market has been
hot, but I think if you look at just,
you know, appliance makers in general,
their debuts haven't been that great.
Just to say that. But overall, that's
that's what we're watching in terms of
aux here today. You take a look at how
the casino operators are doing mostly
doing okay here. We had casino revenue
that did rise uh for January to August
numbers as well. And we're watching
Korea defense stocks in particular here
with South Korea agreeing with the US to
gradually raise defense according to
some reports. Plenty more ahead. This is
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
hangs at lunch break as well. And of
course, we are actually heading into
that 10-year bond auction that is
happening later on this morning. And
certainly given what we saw, the dismal
demand is and the two-year last week. uh
you know particularly on the long end
that's when you start to see a lot more
pressure given all these concerns about
inflation that remains quite sticky in
Japan as well. Equity markets are still
doing quite well here in the rest of the
region seeing a slight uptick in gains
this morning.
>> Yeah, but fairly quiet overall I guess
you could say again because we had US
shut on on Monday. So no lead in from
Wall Street and you can see there US
futures, the dollar little change so
far. The big movement we're actually
seeing in the session is is in gold and
silver. Uh we've seen both of those
continuing to rally and and Mark
Cranfield making the point that it's not
just these bets around Fed easing. It's
also questions around uh Fed
independence as well just among the
factors that's really forcing those
bullish cases to become even more
bullish. But but uh you can see here
lots of green across the board this
morning. Also seeing some gains in the
IT space as well. But let's uh take a
look at what's happening in the EM
complex in particular because gains in
IT. I mean yesterday it was really about
Alibaba today a little bit under
pressure but also we saw moves yesterday
in the Indonesian and the Thai
benchmarks as well. So Thailand actually
uh continued to to close a little bit
higher. Indonesia though slumped pretty
considerably. You are seeing a slight
reversal in the session today but the
Thai bart you can see there I mean it's
little changed. Yeah, and certainly with
Indonesia, there's a lot of talk about
um you know, the central bank is
stepping in uh when it comes to
maintaining rupia stability, liquidity
as well. We got that statement from the
central bank uh on Monday already. So,
uh it seems like right now it it is
helping to stabilize the market in some
ways that the central bank is there and
managing it quite well. But obviously
this is coming in the on the back of
still a lot of heightened tensions
there, not just in Indonesia, but you
know, talk about Southeast Asia and
Thailand in particular too.
>> Yeah, that's right. maybe where there's
a little bit less stability so far
because we've actually got lawmakers
from Thailand's largest opposition party
set to meet Tuesday. The People's Party
is currently being quartered by rival
groups to form a government. Bangkok
reporter Papichka Tanaka Semipat is with
us and and Papicha, I mean what's the
latest here on this government
formation?
Annabelle, things are still very fluid
at the moment as political parties are
still jostling for power um after the
constitutional court removed Prime
Minister Penotan Shinowat for ethics
violation last week. Uh now the race is
on to form a new government between two
parties. Uh one is Pai Party which is uh
leading the ruling caretaker coalition
and its former rival Pungjay Thai Party
which exited the coalition back in June
and is now in the opposition. Uh all
eyes are on the um people's party
because neither coalition has the
majority to back its respective prime
minister candidate in the lower house
when it convenes to vote and the date
for that has still yet to be set. So uh
the people's parties, lawmakers and uh
executive leaders are meeting on Tuesday
for a second day to decide on whether it
will back a candidate or not and if so
who that will be. So we will see today
whether they will reach a consensus this
afternoon.
>> And tell us a bit more about the the
likely PM candidates for Picha and where
they stand now.
>> Sure. Uh the PI party has one remaining
prime minister candidate even though
it's uh two previous prime ministers
have been removed by the constitutional
court. Now that's Shyika Samniti Siri
who is a former attorney general and
justice minister. His uh his candidacy
has not yet been confirmed but we expect
that to be uh confirmed within the
coming days. Uh meanwhile uh Pumja Thai
parties leader uh Anuin Chanagun a
former uh former construction tycoon has
thrown his hat into the ring and has
been canvasing support from
militarybacked parties as well as
lawmakers defecting from the ruling
coalition. Right now neither uh
coalition has the majority as I
previously said. So they will need the
support of the people's party which is
making demands that any prime minister
candidate that it backs dissolves the
house of representatives within four
months to call forth an election with uh
so that Thailand can have an election
next year instead of in 2027 and that's
the only way out of this political
deadlock in the eyes of the people's
party.
>> Yes. So political deadlock I mean I'm
just taking a look at what's been
happening in the Thai benchmark this
year. It's down around just over 10%. Is
is that political instability you see a
direct correlation to the performance we
see in equities or what's happening as
well in the currency market?
>> Well, political instability will likely
uh weigh on um uh investor confidence
and also hurt the already fragile
economy and disrupt any economic
momentum that Thailand has built so far.
um the change in the government um which
seems imminent um uh will likely derail
the US trade talks a little bit and also
affect policy direction and economists
have been saying that um uh they expect
more and steeper rate cuts um from the
Bank of Thailand which has uh cut 100
basis points since October uh um and now
the key rates is at 1.5%.
Of course, the uh political uncertainty
will likely still weigh further on
investor confidence which uh with
foreign investors having sold more than
two and a half billion US dollars of
Thai stocks this year and the TAI
benchmark as you said is down about 11%
and has become one of the worst
performers in Asia this year.
Papicha, thank you Papicha. Tanekasa and
peep out there joining us out of Bangkok
with the latest. Uh to now to Indonesia
now with the finance chief Shri Moyani
Idraati is pledging better policies
after violent protests rocked the
country over the weekend and post on
Instagram. She apologized for any
shortcomings and vowed to keep managing
the economy. Iati's home was among those
looted by protesters following
demonstrations over rising costs and
inequality.
Yeah, let's get more on that now with
our opinion columnist Kisha Vaswani
joining us this morning and and in your
column today you're talking about how
you think these street protests reveal
deeper frustrations which they do within
Indonesia but why do you think then that
that given it seems sort of subdued for
now the anger could actually continue to
to to go on
>> well I don't think that the anger has
gone away I mean in the short term what
president proposed to to has done to
roll back the perks given to
parliamentarians in terms of housing
allowances and other benefits. Remember
that was the catalyst, the immediate
catalyst for the protests last week. The
violence of course over the weekend that
we've seen over the last three days or
so. Uh the catalyst for that was the uh
deadly running over of a motorcycle taxi
driver by an armored police vehicle. But
that aside, I think essentially what has
happened is that Indonesians who are
facing a rising cost of living, mass uh
you know the threat of mass layoffs
rather I should say the sense that their
government is not paying attention to
their economic needs that sense hasn't
changed. And fundamentally what these
protests have shown and it's not just
this set of protests. You know over the
last 18 months or so we have seen a
degree of anger out on Indonesian
streets directed at the president and
his government. It's about the fact that
people don't feel listened to and they
don't have a sense of any agency over
their lives. And I think the real
arrogance that has come about as a
result of some of the parliamentarians,
you know, dancing in parliament
reportedly when these uh perks were
announced. One legislator going so far
as to say that the people who were
calling for the dissolution of
parliament were the dumbest on earth.
That sense that you know they're sort of
slaves or surfs in the country that
they've elected uh officials to
represent them. I think that anger is
growing.
And you mentioned the root of
Indonesia's problems are actually
structural when it comes to its
democracy. And this really comes back to
the democracy reform movement back in
the 1998 era. Why do you think that is?
Yeah, Ivonne, that's an excellent point
and you know I grew up in Indonesia as
you know and I witnessed firsthand the
democratic transformation from the
military dictatorship of General Saharto
at the time and there are obviously lots
of parallels but the whole point of the
that democratic movement called
reformasi in Indonesian was so that
people would have more accountability
from the people from the politicians
that were elected to serve them. There
was a decentralization of power. That
was the intent be behind Referasi. But
what has eventually ended up happening
is you see the same old players, the
same old faces within the power
structures, not just in government but
also in the corporate sector. And the
power both economic and political
continues to remain in the hands of the
elite. I think there's no better
illustration of that than PBO himself.
Let's not forget that he is an ex uh
armed forces general accused of human
rights abuses during the Sahar era of
course that he has vehemently denied but
he was also Saharto's former son-in-law
son-in-law rather I should say so firmly
and deeply entrenched within the
establishment and I think Indonesians
look around at their own lives and think
well you know you've got the people who
are in power who are enriching
themselves and their cronies and life
for us on a daily basis doesn't get any
better.
>> Is there more you think that he can do?
I mean, PBO, this is he's been going
through a lot ever since he took power,
but certainly this is the biggest test
he's faced since becoming, you know, the
leader of Indonesia. What more can the
government do at this point, you think?
>> Yeah, I think in the first instance,
Ivonne, a degree of humility would be
nice. you know, the arrogance, as I was
talking about, that has been displayed
by parliamentarians. Uh it's something
that I've heard time and time again from
uh Indonesian observers and and friends
who live there. It's not simply uh
people in the informal gig economy who
feel like this. I think there is an
overwhelming sense of injustice about
how politicians are taking the
responsibility of their jobs. So yes,
apologizing as we've heard already from
the finance minister and the president,
but also suspending or perhaps
disciplining parliamentarians who don't
take uh the role of their office as
seriously as they should. The other
issue that I think needs to be addressed
is police brutality. Under PBO, the
military and police have had a much more
prominent space in political and public
life, harkening back to the
pre-democratic era. uh during the Sahar
dictatorship when they were very
powerful forces and I think addressing
that immediately would go a long way
towards reassuring citizens that they
are not turning back the clock on
democracy.
>> Karishma, thank you. Kishma Veswani
there joining us our Bloomberg opinion
columnist. Uh coming up though, we're
going to talk a bit more about the India
and China ties and really take a closer
look at that amid this cautious thaw in
relations. We have Bloomberg economics
there joining us to explain their take.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, Indian Prime Minister Narendra
Modi used his first trip to China in
seven years to rebuild relations with
the country as President Trump ratches
up tensions with New Delhi. And of
course, we saw this warming uh and of
course the summit between Modi and Putin
as well. For more, we're joined by
Bloomberg economics Chetna Kumar who's
been tracking everything that goes down
uh there in Tanzin as we wrap up what
happened in the SEO. Chetna, what was
your key takeaway here and what do you
think India stands to gain from these
talks?
Thanks Ivonne. Happy to be here. We
think the summit uh for all of its
pageantry and photo ops is more symbolic
than a substantive reset in India China
ties. Um ties are improving but they're
improving from a rock bottom of 2020
when the relationship fell apart because
of border clashes. So there are some
improvements in terms of direct flights
being announced, visa restrictions on
Chinese uh executives and workers flying
into India being removed, but there's
not a lot of substantive economic
cooperation that we see happening
immediately or a big pivot in India's
strategy towards China.
>> Yeah, exactly. I think one of the things
that stood out to me was this reporting
we had that the president she had made
four suggestions to deepen India ties.
When you read into it, it was sort of
difficult to get anything concrete from
it. So beyond sort of resuming direct
flights, what else could be next do you
think?
>> I think some of the things on the table
are obviously improving the border
management and trying to figure out this
intractable border dispute. These both
sides are locked in. Um India would like
to see a disengagement of troops uh
which have been staring down each other
since 2020 on India's northeastern
border. There are questions about
improving travel, people-to-people ties,
improving removing restrictions on
Chinese investments coming into India
and from India's perspective sort of
correcting the trade imbalance, China
buys almost nothing from India. Um, but
in terms of immediate things that could
come out, we see some some scope for
like immediate economic gains for both
sides. Uh, from the Indian perspective,
there's a need to access Chinese
investments but also expertise in
manufacturing. India as you know has
been trying to bolster its own
manufacturing. It sees that it could
gain from China in certain like areas of
battery technology, renewables,
electronics where it does import a lot
of things from China at the moment. So
some investments carefully chosen could
help India integrate into the global
supply chains better and import less
from China and manufacture more more
more on its own. So some of that is
driving this economic reset as we see it
happening.
Yeah, I think for India, China has the
critical technologies, the materials as
you say to to really fuel those
manufacturing sort of ambitions. You
know, for China, I mean, India has this
growing middle class, right, which is a
great consumer market. So, those are the
the sort of the the ties that we could
see. What are sort of the economic and
strategic differences though on both
sides?
>> I think the first is the trade deficit.
India runs about a hundred billion
dollar deficit with China and China
doesn't at the moment import anything of
substance really from India. So I think
that is a deep divide in the trade
relationship but I think there's a
larger ambition that India has that is
to one day uh access both not just
Chinese expertise in manufacturing but
also one day try and capture China's
markets and there is a tension there. Um
we've seen that with the Apple supply
chain moving to India rather quickly
that has possibly given Beijing some
pause. Um we saw restrictions come in on
Foxcon employees being able to fly into
India. There were some restrictions or
slowing down if like um engineering
goods, tunnel boring machines to India
in an effort to possibly signal trade
leverage or even like slow down the
supply chain shift. Um and other than
these economic tensions in manufacturing
and like what India's potential is in
manufacturing, there are deep security
concerns. The border as I mentioned uh
remains a key area of divide. There's
issues about China constructing the
world's largest dam just like miles from
India's border. Um there's a Dalai Lama
and his succession and this large like
Chinese daspora in India um Tibetan
diaspora excuse me um in India um that
creates tension between this
relationship.
>> Yeah. And I guess it's also that
question of of it's not just the the the
the India China relationship, it's also
the US and and its relationship with
India as well. And we've just had this
report in this morning for instance,
President Trump saying that India's
offered to cut its tariffs to nothing. I
mean, what is that dynamic now starting
to look like?
>> I think one takeaway from that statement
is that trade negotiations do remain
live in the background even though the
relationship publicly has gone through a
lot of turbulence and tumult given uh a
lot of criticism coming from President
Trump's adviserss towards India. Um I
think uh it remains to be seen how much
India has offered to cut tariffs. We do
understand there was initially an offer
to cut down all tariffs on um
intermediate goods which is a large
portion of what the US exports to India.
Um but I do think there's going to be
some firmness on Indian red lines that
will continue on agriculture and its
dairy markets. So while they may offer
to cut down tariffs in other other areas
of trade um I think Indian red lines on
agriculture and dairy will remain firm
for the near future at least.
Chetna, it's great to have you. Chnaka
Kumar there from Bler Economics on of
course Mod's trip to China. Coming up
next, China's aluminum factories fight
for survival amid a brutal price war. We
have the details coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, China's aluminum factories are
shifting their focus to more specialized
products amid a amid a rather a brutal
price war in the sector. Let's get more
with our metals and mining reporter
Martin Richie who's been looking into
this story and joins us this morning
from Shanghai. And Martin, it's really
interesting and I I mean it seems kind
of I guess relatively straightforward on
the surface. You know, you've been maybe
making products that are used for the
property. Now the boom is over, so
you've got to move into something that's
a bit more specialized. But at the same
time, how how easy or straightforward is
it for factories as well to make these
pivots?
>> Yeah. So, the background here uh as you
know is is is price wars in in China
which is the big topic uh of of this
year as you know and the government's
efforts to try and uh ease this kind of
deflationary uh movement in the economy.
Now for uh aluminum uh in the south of
China uh in Guangdong province in
particular uh there are areas there that
are dominated by kind of uh fairly
straightforward aluminum production um
you know commodity grades. It produces
things like you know aluminum for
furniture for bathroom fittings stuff
that goes in your underground trains. So
it's all kind of infrastructure and real
estate linked. Um but now that that's
all kind of faded, there's far too much
capacity for these kind of commodity
grade uh companies. And when I visited
there, you know, people talked about
this being, you know, a very terrible um
time for their industry, far too many
companies competing for a kind of
growing uh sorry for a shrinking uh
number of of customers. So um what we
hear from the companies there at least
is that they're trying to sort of move
up the supply chain move up to higher
grade products you know talking about
producing aluminum not for uh home
furnishings but for you know consumer
goods electric vehicles also talked
about robots as well in in the future.
uh these are all very big growing
markets for aluminum um but uh there's
so many companies trying to do the same
thing uh that uh they're going to face a
lot of competition there as well.
So obviously we've seen this
anti-evolution campaign trickle down in
different ways, right? When you take a
look at uh the the industrial metal sort
of space and how do you see it playing
out uh when it comes to aluminum in
particular here? And and it seems like
right now it's really just survival mode
for a lot of these kind of smaller sort
of firms.
Yeah, I mean it's interesting that
because uh with uh aluminum uh it was
one of the the primary targets of the
first round of China's supply side
reforms uh last decade. So the primary
aluminum industry, the ones that make
the initial metal where all the
electricity is consumed, huge giant
industry in China, uh they've actually
got a a production cap already. Um and
they're actually hitting that already.
that's and companies are building
smelters outside China because of that.
But for these factories that I visited a
bit further downstream,
um there's not been any great policy
moves. Uh they've been told, you know,
they they need to have certain levels of
uh energy consumption, kind of
technological upgrades. So that's wiped
out a few of the less efficient firms.
But really, I think what we'll see is
these price wars flushing out um the the
smaller players that that can't upgrade,
that aren't profitable enough, that
aren't big enough. Um so, it's going to
be a kind of traditional kind of
scramble for survival over the next few
years for these companies. And that's
what we heard from the the managers of
the companies we visited down there.
>> Martin, thank you. Martin Richie. There
are Bloomberg Metals and Mining reporter
joining us out of Shanghai. Some of the
top corporate reads that we're following
here today. Nestle has dismissed its CEO
after only a year on the job due to an
undisclosed office affair. The Swiss
food giant named Philip Natil who heads
the Nespresso coffee brand as his
replacement. The change extends a period
of turbulence at Nestle after the firm
abruptly fired Frix's predecessor last
year due to poor performance. Now,
Bloomberg has learned that OpenAI is
planned to build a massive new data
center in India. Sources say they're
currently scouting local partners to set
up a facility with at least 1 gawatt
capacity. The exact location and
timeline of the potential project remain
unclear, but expected to mark a major
step for Open AI's Stargate branded AI
infrastructure push. Quick check on
markets here. We're taking a look at
solar stocks this morning. They're
actually rallying across the board here
and that is after we had some updates
from the SEO but essentially there's
this vow to increase the installations
of solar and so you're seeing again that
that coming off the back. New World as
well another stock they're watching here
this morning because we have seen the
company looking at uh receiving or
denying rather these reports that it was
looking at funding or receiving rather
funding proposals. So you're seeing that
stock yesterday in the green up 7% but
today under pressure so far. We did have
some reporting as well from JP Morgan
around this. What could be the next
steps for that conglomerate?
[Music]